---
title: Some randomly generated Star Trek stuff
path: /some-randomly-generated-star-trek-stuff
date: 2019-11-29
updated: 2019-11-29
author: [jada]
tags: ['gist']
---

Talk about going nowhere fast. Fate. It protects fools, little children, and ships named "Enterprise." The Enterprise computer system is controlled by three primary main processor cores, cross-linked with a redundant melacortz ramistat, fourteen kiloquad interface modules. I think you've let your personal feelings cloud your judgement. I guess it's better to be lucky than good. 

### Table of Contents

### How long can two people talk about nothing?

Congratulations - you just destroyed the Enterprise. We could cause a diplomatic crisis. Take the ship into the Neutral Zone Damage report! Fear is the true enemy, the only enemy. Some days you get the bear, and some days the bear gets you. Maybe if we felt any human loss as keenly as we feel one of those close to us, human history would be far less bloody.

I'll alert the crew. When has justice ever been as simple as a rule book? But the probability of making a six is no greater than that of rolling a seven. Maybe if we felt any human loss as keenly as we feel one of those close to us, human history would be far less bloody. Smooth as an android's bottom, eh, Data? You enjoyed that. Ensign Babyface! 

## What? 

We're not at all alike! Yes, absolutely, I do indeed concur, wholeheartedly! This is not about revenge. This is about justice. I'll be sure to note that in my log. Computer, belay that order. I'm afraid I still don't understand, sir. Mr. Worf, you sound like a man who's asking his friend if he can start dating his sister. Some days you get the bear, and some days the bear gets you. Our neural pathways have become accustomed to your sensory input patterns.

Wouldn't that bring about chaos? We finished our first sensor sweep of the neutral zone. I'd like to think that I haven't changed those things, sir. Mr. Crusher, ready a collision course with the Borg ship. Is it my imagination, or have tempers become a little frayed on the ship lately? Maybe we better talk out here; the observation lounge has turned into a swamp. 

When has justice ever been as simple as a rule book? Well, I'll say this for him - he's sure of himself. We know you're dealing in stolen ore. But I wanna talk about the assassination attempt on Lieutenant Worf. My oath is between Captain Kargan and myself. Your only concern is with how you obey my orders. Or do you prefer the rank of prisoner to that of lieutenant?

---

Generated by [Riker Ipsum](http://www.rikeripsum.com/#!/)
